Hello friends, today I am going to talk to you
about Elevate Plan of ICICI LB.
This plan has been launched with a huge revolution in health insurance.
Friends, I will share the complete PPT of this plan
with you and
will request you.  Please watch this video
till the end.  I will explain each and every thing in detail.  I will
explain everything thoroughly.  If you are
looking for health insurance for yourself or for your family
, then
definitely watch this video till the end.  You will get the best plan
by searching in the market.  I
guarantee you this too.  Friends, before moving ahead, you have to
subscribe to the channel, share
, comment and definitely click on the bell icon.
Only then will you keep getting all the latest
updates.  So let's quickly
see what is the power of infinite personalization of the awesome N Elevate plan
ICC LBD
?  What
special are you going to get here?  Let's move ahead quickly without delay.
Friends, I am
telling you about the first big unique feature called Infinite Claim.   Whether
the policy is worth Rs 10 lakh, Rs 20 lakh, Rs 50
lakh, a claim of Rs 1 crore, Rs 2
crore, Rs 5 crore or Rs 50 lakh
, you will get it.  That is called the power
of infinite claim.  A claim can be
made for any amount under this policy.
It provides you the
power to claim once in the life tenure during the entire tenure.
Which is called
infinite claim.  This is the first major feature.
Next let me talk about the second big feature.
Power of Infinite Sum Insured Booster means
your unlimited bonus will increase.  It will
not stop for any time.  There is a policy of Rs 10 lakh.
Next year Rs 10 lakh again bonus will be added.
Then Rs 10 lakh, Rs 10 lakh, Rs 10 lakh every year will keep getting
added to it by default, whether you claim it or not.  Five times in 5 years
, 10 times in 10 years, 20 times in 20 years.
By default the sum assured will keep increasing, keep
increasing, keep increasing.  There
is no end limit.  That's why we call it
Infinite Sum Insured Boost.  Another big
feature.  Thirdly, I will talk about a unique feature.
Till date you must have seen insurance of Rs
5 lakh, Rs 10 lakh, Rs 20 lakh, Rs 50 lakh, Rs 1 crore, Rs
2 crore, Rs 5 crore.  Today I am talking to you about
Infinite Sum Insured Option.  That means there
is no limit.  Any unlimited sum
insured will be written in the policy.
You can claim any amount.  That means there is no
limit.  This third unique
feature is available with us as Sum Insured Wise.
After Rs 1 crore, Rs 3 crore,
you can directly choose unlimited sum assured.   It will be
written in the policy.  The fourth amazing
feature is called Jump Start.  Amazing
Jump Start.  Jump start means someone has
BP, sugar, asthma, thyroid,
sorry asthma, hypertension,
hyperlipidemia or diabetes or obesity.
If someone has these five things and wants to
reduce the waiting period, then the
waiting period will be only 30 days.
After 30 days, all these diseases will be covered for you
and if any claim is required after 31 days, then the
claim will be available in the policy.  This
amazing fourth feature is why
you should check out the Eliminate plan.  I will talk further.
I mentioned four major features.   The
first one is called Infinite Care, the second one is called
Infinite Surrender.  The third one is Power
Booster in which your memory will keep
increasing for unlimited time.  And the fourth
is Jump Start in which any chronic
disease, which are five diseases, will be
covered after just 30 days.  After these four
unique features, let me talk about other features.
Claim Protector: Claim
Protector rider is available here in which you
can get your non-payable items covered.
Number two inflation protector rider
is available.  Your premium sum will keep increasing due to rising inflation.  The
company will keep increasing your insurance at the rate of 6%.
By default,
you can take a rider called Inflation Protector.
You will get the air ambulance feature by default in this.
Rider is also available for that in which you
can use up to some insured air ambulance.
It is up to your choice.  Which
riders do you want to take?  You can choose each and every thing here yourself.  If we
talk about delivery
expenses.  If you need maternity related
expenses covered, then you will get maternity coverage up to 10% of the sum or
maximum ₹1 lakh
and a two-year waiting period
option is available.  Those who want metality can
choose this option.  Next New
Born Baby Cover which is a rider available if you
wish to take it. All expenses incurred for the baby
within 90 days of hospitalization
after birth will be
covered by default
up to the sum insured.  Next Sorry, how long will the
coverage be available and for how much amount?  Twice
of the maternity coverage.  If there is maternity coverage of ₹1 lakh
then the expenses of new one BB for ₹1 lakh will be
covered here.
Vaccination expenses are also covered here.   For the
first year of the baby, you can use 1% of the sum
insured.
Vaccination expenses can be covered under the policy up to a maximum of ₹10,000.
This is a rider, whoever wants to
take it can take it.  Let's talk
room modifiers.  This is also a rider again.  If
any unlimited room policy
is available to you.  You can take any room.
Any room category is available.  But if
you want to downgrade your policy, whether you want to
take a single standard AC room or a sharing
room, then you
can downgrade.  This feature is also available here.
And if you want to upgrade,
you can upgrade to any room category.
You will get both the options here.  Next dependent
accommodation.  This is also an additional feature in
which a feature will be
available in the name of Daily Cash Benefit.  You will get
₹1000 per day for a maximum of 10 days as per the number of days you are admitted in the hospital.
But here
hospitalization will be necessary for three days.  Only then it
is applicable.  This rider comes in the name of dependent accommodation.
And the next rider is
Compassionate Visit which is called Travel
Expenses.  Travel expenses up to ₹00
are covered.  If there is any conveyance or any immediate
related need, if there is an accident or any
major problem, you
can also add a rider of compassionate visit for that.
The option is available.  Not only this,
some riders also come in personalized home care and recovery benefits.  Which is
called nursing and nursing at home.  If you want to get
home care treatment at home, then
you can use this rider for a maximum of 10 doses at the rate of ₹2000 per day.
The option is available.
You can choose the rider by doing Nursing at Home.  Durable
medical equipment
covers only consumable expenses in many companies.
This is the first company which
will also cover durable expenses and in
which you can use wheelchair, ventilator, suction machine
up to the semi-should maximum of ₹5 lakh.
Which is a very good and
unique feature that riders should take.
Many companies do not cover this.
Next is the convenience benefit.
What is Convenience Benefit?  Which has
recovery benefits.  Get lump sum ₹00.
In this, if the hospitalization is for 10 days or more,
then you can also get a special reward of lump sum ₹00
here.  Not only this,
some additional riders also come in the name of Personalized in Preventive Care.
Which is called health checkup.  Many
people take health policies but do
not take health checkup rider.  The
health checkup that is done in many policies is almost
negligible.  It is for the name.  But the
health checkup you will get here will be useful at
0.5% and the sum assured is that you can
avail health checkup up to ₹5,000 on cashless basis.
Which amazing feature you are going to get here.
You can also avail a special OPD feature called Befit here.
In which you will have pharmacy,
diagnosis, test, OPD, consultation
available in seven options.  There
are seven options of Bfit.  Whichever OPD option you choose will
also be 100% cashless.  This
feature is also inbuilt in the OPD policy.
If you take a rider then you can use it in this.
Tele Consultation Any Time
Support is available within Unlimited Time Policy.
For which no rider
is required.  You will get this feature in the name of tele consultation.
Next Maternity.   There
is another special feature inside the maternity.
You can manage your personalized waiting period and copay.
For example, do you want maternity
cover after one year or after two years?
You can choose this.  There is an option to
convert the 2 year waiting period into one year.
By taking this rider, your
waiting period will be reduced to one year instead of two.
Ventary Copayment: If you
find the premium a bit expensive and
want to take the copayment upfront, you can choose a rider with copayment of 10%, 20%, 30%
or even 40%,
which will make your premium cheaper.  Not only this, there is
another discount
which is called Network Advantages.
PPN Advantage.  Even if you get
treatment only in network hospitals, you can
avail 10% discount in our policy.
But keep in mind that if you get it done
anywhere else, you will have to bear the co-payment.
So think carefully before taking this rider.
By taking this rider the
premium becomes cheaper by 10%.  10%
discount is available on premium.  And if we
talk about personalization for emergency, then here
you can also add personal accident rider in this health policy.  Up to the sum
assured up to ₹50 lakh is featured in the policy.
You can also avail an accidental rider of ₹50 lakh.
You can get lump sum coverage for 20 critical illnesses also.  Coverage up to ₹50 lakh.  A
special feature is also available for critical illness and no
survival period or waiting period will be
applicable.  If you want to cover critical illnesses like cancer, neuron,
heart, kidney, liver
and want to get lump sum money, then you can get coverage up to ₹50 lakh
through this writer here.  Let's
talk about discounts
and special offers for customers.  So we have
special special working here.  I
speak with challenge to the entire market.
You won't find that many discounts.   The
first biggest discount here is
long term.  If you take the policy for 3 years or 5 years,
you can get a discount of up to 15% on the premium.  You
can avail up to 15% civil discount here which is over and above.  Thirdly, if you get the
renewal done a month in advance, you will
get a discount of up to 2.5% on renewal.  10% for PPA discount, which I
just told you, if you get treatment done only in network hospital
then you can get discount up to 10%.
And a wellness discount of 30%
is also available within the policy.   This
means there are plenty of discounts which can be
useful for you.  Let us talk further about
some inbuilt features, I
told the writers about these.  Now I am telling you about the inbuilt features.
Our policy covers the total expenses of inpatient hospitalization.
Talking about pre and post, it will be
covered in 90 days and 180 days policy.  And reset
is available in unlimited restoration policy.  You can use it for 10 unlimited times with 10.
20% Cumulative
Bonus 2020 with 20% No Claim Bonus.
Whenever there is no claim in your policy,
your amount will keep increasing by 20%.
Sum assured will go up to a maximum of 100%.  Both expenses up
to the sum insured are covered under the policy.
Betic surgery is
covered up to the sum insured in the policy after a waiting period of two years.  In
which people undergo surgery to reduce obesity.  There
is cover after two years.
Third next is your domestique
oscillation.  If you are covered up to semi in the policy,
any treatment that you get done at home for
more than three days,
our company also covers that treatment up to semi,
modern treatment which is the most important, in
many policies there is a
supplement for modern treatment, this
is the policy in which there is no supplement,
your modern treatment up to 100% sum assured will
also be covered in it and let us talk about the
inbuilt features, next is your
domestic road ambulance up to sum assured, it
is covered in the policy, there is
no sublimit, day care, all day care
procedures are covered in the policy.  There
is no problem.  There
is no waiting period or any limit of your choice.
What is the best part?  And AYUSH and inpatient
treatment Ayurvedic Homeopathy Unani
Siddha Hospital if you get hospitalized
treatment done up to sum
is covered under insure policy and surrogacy and
OYCTL surrogacy is also covered under the policy
inpatient treatment in which
you can avail maximum loan up to ₹5 lakh from the donor here
and surrogacy is covered.   The
first policy covering surrogacy.
You can also book ambulance service arrangements through IL Take Care app here.  I have already
told you about the deals and discounts.
Deals and discounts are available here.
You can avail Next Wellness discount up to 30% here.  Health assistant team
is available here.  To which you
can make health queries 24/7.  You can do consultation.
Free of cost.  There are no charges of any kind
here.  Talking about medical writing, let us
talk about it here, the
policy is available for any person from 18 years of age.  Individuals can also take it.
Family protectors can also be taken.  And if I
talk about family, maximum policy of two adults and three children can be
taken at one time.
Here the child remains
covered in the policy for 30 years.  All other
companies cover up to 25 years.  This
is the first such policy in which the dependent child can remain
covered for 30 years.  The policy can be
taken comfortably for one year, two years, three years.
Even 5 year option is available.
Your accident will be covered from day one.
Talking about the initial waiting period, the
initial waiting period is 30 days.
Whenever any new disease is not covered for the first 30 days
and after 30 days all the
diseases will be covered.  If there is any chronic disease, then
its normal initial
waiting period will be 3 years.  And
if I talk about the waiting period related to the matter, then the
initial waiting period is two years.  And
speaking of critical issues, there is an initial
waiting period of 90 days which you should be aware of.
We take new policies in sourcing guidelines.
Take zone wise policy.
Even portability is allowed.  If you
talk about Delhi NCR or metro cities,
we have been doing portability for 60 years.
But portability is not available for less than minimum sum assured of Rs 20 lakh.  There is
no portability above 60 which
you have to take care of.  All zones
are available here.  Free Xing
Disease is available with us for all zones.  There is no problem
till the age criteria of 55 years.
And talk about critique up to sum assured 25 lakhs.
Some Assured
Criteria Greater Than 25 Lakh easily
clears the tele screening.  If the
sum assured is above Rs 25 lakh for 25 years, then
tele screening will be done and the company gets all those
things done.  Key inclusion is
medical writing company is very easy.
Hustle free work can be managed here very easily.
We cover HB Avon CC up to 8%.
We cover the duration since inception up to a maximum of 15 years.
We cover hyperlipidemia, total cholesterol up to 300.
Triclosides up to 250 we cover.
We cover LDL up to 180 and obesity BMI up to 39,
which no one else in the entire industry will do
and there is no loading of any kind till 30.
After getting all this, I am still waiting for some more.
So friends, please do not wait, call us as soon as possible to
get the Elevate Plan of IC LBA.
We provide this plan
desperately on all over India basis.
Whether you want to take a fresh policy or
port it, call once and
talk.  Hello, your friend Yogendra
Verma, thank you, thank you.